Why can't I get into Lao Ancestor's new book?
Hmph, that person is relying on the might of the Immortal Destruction Sword
Brothers and sisters, come with me
Help the ancestor
Sure enough, why not speak human words?
It doesn't make sense.
This is 10 square ground
Who are you?
The disciples of the fifth letter are all there
In the sun, moon, mountains and rivers forever
Qingyun Xianjun is forever
The disciples are listening
If you see me falling
Do not mourn
Don't stop charging
Please follow the master closely
Swinging a sword
swear to death
vow to decorate
How dare they?
These women
He's already dead.
Who are you?
Is that right?
Keep your eyes peeled
Look who I am